-(127).

But ulrich &navers finnt tho potont1a115 aad
auooeaazvussr⁷1nrtn1te aro hot 1mpoaa1b22 by nature,
ror both motion nnn tana would by nature persever· in
1nr1n1ty 1? thav oould not bo terminated by tho *112
or (ἓοὰ.88 Th· argunnae eoneerntng an lnr1n2te number
ot neuls 1³ founded on tvo doubtful poa1t10nn. who
first ot those 1³ that many pnlzooophoro held that ot
all touls, thoro remeia-d but only one intelloet. ab·
tho opponente to the Ατίετοτοῑίιη position have novet
proved demonstratively that tho oppos1to view 1⁸ true}
Ηεηοο ue must at111 rogare the question as to 'hetnae
tho separate nouls ar· on· or many a· doubtful. Th·
eth-r veak ponne or tho argum-nt 1⁸ tunt, grant-1 §aar
have selvae tho above objootion, there nt111 runn1n⁸
to bo proved that tho aetunlzy instuit· eun bo ιο only
essentiallr and ηεξ-ἐξ. U1r1eh holds that the ueo1den⁹
tally lnrln1te 1ο aluo possible and thia 1³ tho procla·
manunt 1η uhzeh the seule ure lnrznito, ror nn eanon-
t1a1 and Q. innam or motion demands only a ιιι·
cannava produotton or an inrinto number or neuls ox·
13t1n3 in the potonoy ot aueo-caina. But beonnae tho

tacorvupt1u1zaty ot untur· h·- boon uda-e to tus: or·

